 
 Link to Final Site: https://codepen.io/ErikBH/pen/KKqzpZv?editors=1100
 
     1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     Semantic HTML is html that is self descriptive. It gives meaning to our html and helps with accessibility.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html is used for the structure of a website. Like the 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute allows us to provide additional information about an html element. Attributes are placed in the opening tag of an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    The h1 tag is a semantic html tag that represents the largest header on a page. Usually used with the most important text on the page. It is only used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img and a tags both have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 


    Metatags, titles, links to css and js files or font libraries.
    7. What is an id? 
    It is an html attribute used to give a specific id to an html element. This will allow you to reference the html element in the future using that id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    The same id should only be used once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an html attribute that provides a reference to an html element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add a class to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use the same class on the same page as many times as you need. Classes are more commonly used for styling so if you have multiple elements that need the same styling you should use a class.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic meaning that it contains a section of your website. A div is not semantic.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    It is used to style our html elements and their behaviors.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used for applying multiple styles to multiple elements. An id should be used to reference one element like when you're target one element for one set of styles.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector allows you to select an element with a specific parent element. A parent child selector is helpful if you have multiple children but only want to target one of those children.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a{
    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector allows you to select an element when a certain state of that element is met.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    css property line-height: value;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: value;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase ;

    text-transform: lowercase; ;

    text-transform: capitalize ;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use the universal selctor *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd (print working directory)
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename, you have to be careful because there is no going back from the command line.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control allows you to track the state of a project. Allowing you to return to previous versions.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repository, making a copy of the code.
        2. Copy ssh
        3. clone that forked repository to the directory you want it to be in.
        4. cd into that repository.
        5. initialize a new branch. 
        6. open and work on the project. 
        7. add files to staging. 
        8. commit those files with a message.
        9. push those files to the main online repo.
        10. If its your first commit, then open a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 